Change wording from L1 to L2 (#1735)
celo-org/docs: docs/developer/migrate/from-ethereum.md

# Celo for Ethereum Developers

Overview of the similarities and differences between the Celo and Ethereum blockchains.

> ---

Reviewer: I'd keep the warning, as the rest of the page would need to be rewritten to accurately reflect Celo now.

> Celo is an Ethereum Layer 2 solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Celo is an Ethereum Layer 2 solution.

---
```

## What is Celo's Relationship to Ethereum?

> While the Celo client originated as a fork of Ethereum Go language client, [go-ethereum](https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum) (or geth), Celo is now an Ethereum Layer 2 solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the Celo client originated as a fork of the Ethereum Go language client, [go-ethereum](https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum) (or geth), Celo has since become an Ethereum Layer 2 solution.
[Learn more about Celo's history.](/what-is-celo/history)
```
